The first thing I do when I start doing
the oven is
I gave myself the diameter of the table and then
strip of center point and cotton
the linen and the chalk mark say
to take the beam of what is the
Oven size
after that we mark what is the
opening what would be the door we measure
within the circle more or less that is
a margin of 7 centimeters and from
there we start with what is all the
part of opening
this is really so that one can
maneuver the opening that is to be able to
handle what is the oxygen that is if
door is in false squad it
would close or it would open alone then one
I could not keep the heat when it 's
turning on or heating the oven because
is this closing the flame goes off in
change so one can maneuver it well
because the door is in squares
then you give him the oxygen that
needs to
and the door is completely voided
firm with sponge and water to seal
well all that is the board
well once we have the part of the
purple door everything has been uniform already
we started to put together what is the circle
with brick and refractory clay
would use the burner for gas
of the oven the line is always used
This is a condition that we
if we add one day tomorrow
firewood wants to turn whatever it
can use the gas
we already made half of the oven
with refractory clay now let's
continue doing the same thing or be the
same mechanism of sticking bricks in
circle with the mud with the adobe that
we prepare
what is the dome part of the oven
It works differently than the temperature
then the mud has another
consistency than yours
to black earth is enlarged with a little
salt takes sand and a little broth and
mix everything with water
to comment
now we are going to locate the clock
temperature
that will mark the temperature of the
brick
and always more or less placed in the middle
of the
rare
plus
here
here we would already be in the last stage that
let's place what is the output of
smoke that always goes in the opposite direction
what is the flamethrower for the subject
of fire travel
now we are going to use the system
cross to wedge it and lock all the
oven
the exterior is plastered with
mud and bale so that the brick does not
be so unprotected and have more
conservation of temperature and apart
to be outdoors this protects a
little weather weather water and everything
that
this is the audio